Welcome to our website Concentration Calibration! Here you will embark on a journey to discover potential areas of study based on what classes spark your interest. First, you will encounter the login and registration pages. If you have not used this educational resource before, please click `REGISTER` in the top right of the page. Enter a username and password, and then re-enter the password. Ensure that the passwords match or else an error message will occur. Then click `Register.`  However, if you already have an account, input your username and password and click `Login.` The website will return an error message if your username and password are invalid.
Next, you enter the welcome page! From this page, you can go to a few different pages through the navigation bar atop the webpage. If you have never used our website before, you should begin by taking the test prompted by the blue `Take Test` button on the welcome page. The test will ask you to select the class you find most interesting from a list of four Harvard classes. You must select a course before proceeding to the next group of courses; click `PROCEED` once you select a class. Once you have completed all 15 questions, the result page will display with your potential concentrations!
We have counted the frequency of the concentration areas of the courses you selected, so on the result page, you initially will see a frequency breakdown visually in the form of a pie chart. The pie chart will display the percentages of your concentration interests from the test along with a color coded key. From all of this information, you will have a nice picture of some potential concentrations based off of your class interests! We’ll also tell you the name of the department whose courses you’ve picked the most often.
Next, if you are curious or interested about a class you selected during the test, you can head to the `History` tab located atop the webpage. Atop this page, we have a pie chart similar to the one in the result page. This pie chart, however, has been updated after each test to display the breakdown of all of your past test responses. Beneath the pie chart, we have the history of all of your responses, and we have highlighted the courses along with their descriptions that fall beneath your 'top' concentration suggestion. As an added feature, if you find a course particularly interesting and want to remember it to potentially take it in future, you can STAR a course in the History page by clicking the `STAR` button to the right of the course description.
Once you STAR a course, you will be redirected to the `Starred Courses` tab, which is also accessible at any time via the top navigation bar. In this page you can see the title and descriptions of the courses you have `Starred.` Then at any time, if you wish to remove the course from the Starred Courses list, click the `UNSTAR` button either in the History page or in the `Starred Courses` page.
At any time, you can also log out at the top right of the website by clicking `LOG OUT.` Also, if you would like to take the test again; click the `Take Test` tab atop the webpage, and you can also navigate between the `History` and `Starred Courses` pages through the navigation bar atop the webpage as well. Lastly, if you would like more information about our project, click `About` in the navigation bar for a short description! Thanks for checking the project out; we hope you enjoyed it!
